README for sigio.jar

This README is rather short, because I assume you know what you are
doing.

sigio.jar is a small collection of utility classes that I have
developed over the past couple of years while programming in Java.

It presently contains six packages:

com.sigio.games.dice: Classes to simulate dice for games or other
purposes.

com.sigio.io: Classes for input/output.  Presently has a couple of
FilenameFilter subclasses that come in handy.

com.sigio.js: Classes that I used to embed the Rhino JavaScript
library in an application.

The com.sigio.js package is not compiled by default.  If you want to
include it in your jar or when building the documentation, you will
need to set the WITH_JS variable.  This assumes that the js.jar from
Rhino is in your CLASSPATH.  If it is not, you will also need to set
the CLASSPATH to include the jar file.

com.sigio.json: Classes to read and to write JSON format data as
specified in RFC4627.

com.sigio.sql: Two classes that have been useful when writing JDBC
database applications.

com.sigio.util: Meant to be a hodge podge of various utility classes,
but currently contains classes for transforming some numeric values
from one measurement sytem to another, such as Fahrenheit to
Centrigrade.

You can make a jar file containing the classes with the included
Makefile.  Simply type make on the command line and you will soon have
sigio.jar that you can add to your classpath to use in your
applications.

If you type make documentation, you will get the javadoc generated
HTML documentation for the classes and packages in a doc/
subdirectory.  You can set the DOC_DIR variable in the environment or
on the command line to install the documentation elsewhere.
